# NADAC

## National Average Drug Acquisition Cost- Drug pricing and payment

This project is to fetch NADAC datasets both historical and updated ones. By using API(SODAPY), datasets(both historical and updated) are getting fetched and stored into Mongo DB. API is having different queries to perform different functions on datasets.

API Key: Token is required to access full data, and can be generated by registering in https://data.medicaid.gov/Drug-Pricing-and-Payment/NADAC-National-Average-Drug-Acquisition-Cost-/a4y5-998d

SODAPY API - API details can be found on https://dev.socrata.com/docs/endpoints.html 

## Data Storing

A collection is maintained for all datasets in the MongoDB. A Metadata collection helps maintain a record of what all datasets have been downloaded. The MongoDB host URI can be maintained in the CKAN. Last updated time helps in identifying when the program was executed latest.

Below are the list of arguments to be part of the execution.

## Agent

* `NADAC_APP_TOKEN`: This token can be generated after registering to NADAC site, help to access 100% datasets.

* `USER_ID`: Registered email ID of user, to sucsessfully call API.

* `PASSWORD`: Password for above email id.

* `CKAN_HOST`: Account name or the IP address of CKAN Instance.

* `CKAN_API_KEY`: Authentication key of the CKAN Instance.

* `PUBLISHER`: Name of the person or entity that is publishing the data.

* `OWNER_ORG`: CKAN Organization entity.

* `CKAN_PRIVATE`: Dataset visibility parameter.

* `MONGO_URI`: The URI of the deployed MongoDB instance (default: localhost:27017)

* `MONGO_SSL_REQUIRED`: MongoDB clients can use TLS/SSL to encrypt connections to mongod and mongos instances.

* `REQUIRES_AUTH`: Specify whether the MongoDB Instance needs authentication (default: false)

* `MONGO_USER`: Username in case the authentication is specified true.

* `MONGO_PASSWORD`: Password in case the authentication is specified true.

* `MONGO_AUTH_SOURCE`: If authentication is required, the database which MongoDB uses as its authentication source (default: dbadmin)

* `MONGO_AUTH_MECHANISM`: If authentication is required, the method which MongoDB uses as authentication mechanism (default: MONGODB-CR)

* `MONGO_DB_NAME`: The name of the MongoDB database to which data is sourced.

* `MONGO_INDEX_NAME`: The field with unique values to create an index on.

* `MONGO_COL_NAME`: The name of the MongoDB collection within the database where data is grouped. Given 'METADATA' to create a reference of all the data that has been downloaded in separate collections. Useful for checking the duplicate entries.
